docs: improve the documentation (#210)
eduNEXT/eox-tenant: README.rst

- **Routes:** Configure the URL for a tenant.
- **Tenant configs:** Store the configuration for each tenant.
- **Tenant organizations:** Link each organization with one or multiple tenants.

Add ``EDNX_USE_SIGNAL = True`` in each microsite/tenant that wants to use the plugin. 

Compatibility Notes
--------------------

+------------------+----------------+
| Open edX Release | Version        |
+==================+================+
| Ironwood         | < 3.0          |
+------------------+----------------+
| Juniper          | >= 3.0 < 4.0   |
+------------------+----------------+
| Koa              | >= 4.0 <= 5.1.3|
+------------------+----------------+
| Lilac            | >= 4.0 < 6.2   |
+------------------+----------------+
| Maple            | >= 6.0 < 11.6  |
+------------------+----------------+
| Nutmeg           | >= 6.2         |
+------------------+----------------+
| Olive            | >= 8.0         |
+------------------+----------------+
| Palm             | >= v10.0.0     |
+------------------+----------------+
| Quince           | >= v11.0.0     |
+------------------+----------------+

⚠️ Since the 6.2 version, eox-tenant does not support Django 2.2

> The plugin is configured for the latest release (Quince). The following changes in the plugin settings should be applied to be used for previous releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin is configured for the latest release (Redwood). The following changes in the plugin settings should be applied to be used for previous releases.
```

> If the release you are looking for is not listed, the actual configuration is sufficient or it is incompatible with the current eox-tenant version.

Reviewer: This phrase can be improved for better understanding
```suggestion
If the release you are looking for is not listed, then either the current configuration is sufficient, or the release is incompatible with the current eox-tenant version.
```

Reviewer: @dcoa even with these improvements, I'm honestly still having a hard time trying to understand what you explained in the comments and the purpose of this phrase

We can easily check if a release is compatible or not thanks to the [table](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-tenant/pull/210/files#diff-7b3ed02bc73dc06b7db906cf97aa91dec2b2eb21f2d92bc5caa761df5bbc168fR48), right? should we specify this here? something like:  _or the release is incompatible with the current eox-tenant version (please refer to the table for compatibillity)._

Reviewer 2: I agree, since the table defines the range of versions supported by a release,

> If the release you are looking for is not listed, the actual configuration is sufficient or it is incompatible with the current eox-tenant version.

Reviewer: What do you think about adding something like:
```suggestion
If the release you are looking for is not listed, please note:
- If the Open edX release is compatible with the current eox-tenant version (see `Compatibility Notes <https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-tenant?tab=readme-ov-file#compatibility-notes>`_), the default configuration is sufficient.
- If incompatible, you can refer to the README from the relevant version tag for configuration details (e.g., `v6.2.0 README <https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-tenant/blob/v6.2.0/README.rst>`_).
```
this way we can explain to the user what to do if the release is not compatible

==========
EOX Tenant
==========
|Maintainance Badge| |Test Badge| |PyPI Badge|

.. |Maintainance Badge| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Maintained-brightgreen
   :alt: Maintainance Status
.. |Test Badge| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/edunext/eox-tenant/.github%2Fworkflows%2Ftests.yml?label=Test
   :alt: GitHub Actions Workflow Test Status
.. |PyPI Badge| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/eox-tenant?label=PyPI
   :alt: PyPI - Version
   
Eox-tenant is a multi-tenancy Django app for `edx-platform`_. It is built as an `openedx plugin`_ so even as a Django app it will be auto-installed in the larger edx-platform core code once is installed in the same Python environment.

The code is written and maintained by `edunext`_ and we use it to support our multi-tenant services. It was initially created as an extension of the `microsites` and `site_configurations` features of the Open edX platform, however, it has grown to completely replace them to support a more robust multitenancy model.

> If you are looking for professional development or support with multitenancy or multi-sites in the Open edX platform, you can reach out to sales@edunext.co

Reviewer 3: Can this be rewritten? It could use an update. Mainly I don't think we need to explain what a django plugin is.

> .. _openedx plugin: https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/tree/master/openedx/core/djangoapps/plugins

Reviewer 4: I think this would be the link: https://github.com/openedx/edx-django-utils/tree/master/edx_django_utils/plugins

> .. _edx-platform: https://github.com/edx/edx-platform/

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
.. _edx-platform: https://github.com/openedx/edx-platform/
```

Reviewer 3: The openedx plugin should also point to opened

.. _eduNEXT: https://www.edunext.co

Installation
============

#. Add this plugin in your Tutor ``config.yml`` with the ``OPENEDX_EXTRA_PIP_REQUIREMENTS`` setting.

   .. code-block:: yaml
      
      OPENEDX_EXTRA_PIP_REQUIREMENTS:
         - eox-tenant=={{version}}
         
#. Save the configuration with ``tutor config save``.
#. Build an open edx image with ``tutor images build openedx``.

> #. Launch your platform with ``tutor local launch``.

Reviewer 3: Doesn't `tutor local launch` already builds the image? Or is it just in dev environments? I'm not sure.

Author: You're right

Usage
=====

Once your instance is running, you can access the Django admin site and locate the ``EDUNEXT OPENEDX MULTITENANCY`` models.

- **Microsites:** Store the microsite configuration.
- **Routes:** Configure the URL for a tenant.
- **Tenant configs:** Store the configuration for each tenant.

> - **Tenant organizations:** Link each organization with one or multiple tenants.

Reviewer 3: what's the difference between microsites and tenant configs? Is the microsites model still in use?

Author: We use the tenant model but the microsite is still not deprecated

Add ``EDNX_USE_SIGNAL = True`` in each microsite/tenant that wants to use the plugin. 
 
Compatibility Notes
--------------------

+------------------+----------------+
| Open edX Release | Version        |
+==================+================+
| Ironwood         | < 3.0          |
+------------------+----------------+
| Juniper          | >= 3.0 < 4.0   |
+------------------+----------------+
| Koa              | >= 4.0 <= 5.1.3|
+------------------+----------------+
| Lilac            | >= 4.0 < 6.2   |
+------------------+----------------+
| Maple            | >= 6.0 < 11.6  |
+------------------+----------------+
| Nutmeg           | >= 6.2         |
+------------------+----------------+
| Olive            | >= 8.0         |
+------------------+----------------+
| Palm             | >= v10.0.0     |
+------------------+----------------+
| Quince           | >= v11.0.0     |
+------------------+----------------+

> **NOTE**: Since the 6.2 version, eox-tenant does not support Django 2.2

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
⚠️ The plugin does not support Django 2.2 version ``v6.2.x``.
```

The plugin is configured for the latest release (Quince). The following changes in the plugin settings should be applied to be used for previous releases.

> If the release you are looking for is not listed, the actual configuration is sufficient or it is incompatible with the current eox-tenant version.

Reviewer 3: I thought that if wasn't not listed, it's not supported. In what case does the other scenario happen?

Author: Please take in mind, that I removed all previous version modifications and listed only the latest (that is why the paragraph mentions the _**the current eox-tenant version**_) to make emphasis (from now and the subsequent releases) the real support for each release, and limit the configuration changes, I mean:

The actual description says 

> If the release you are looking for is not listed, then the accumulation of changes from previous releases is enough.

If I check the changes from Koa to Maple (in the [master branch readme](https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-tenant/blob/master/README.rst?plain=1#L41)) those are the same, so I'm not accumulating changes, I'm explicitly telling which backends use.

I think using that expression could be confusing, how many previous releases are useful for the accumulation of changes?

Reviewer 3: Mmm, I get it now that you explained it. Back when I left the comment, I was thinking about the ambiguity of "or the configuration is enough or is not supported." How do I know?

Still, this is a non-blocking comment.

Reviewer: @dcoa why are we removing the listed settings for the previous releases and only keeping the latest? 
Could you please explain this decision and the reasoning behind it in the cover letter?

Author: @magajh I will explain that here and modify the other repositories once we agree on the best way to write this section.

**Maple**

For version  11.X compatible

.. code-block:: yaml

  EOX_TENANT_EDX_AUTH_BACKEND = "eox_tenant.edxapp_wrapper.backends.edx_auth_i_v1"

Those settings can be changed in ``eox_tenant/settings/common.py`` or, for example, in the instance settings.

> **NOTE**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
In favor of an icon: ℹ️ ?

> For version > 10.0.0 you need to enable eox-tenant adding in the LMS configuration:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ℹ️ For version > 10.0.0 you need to enable eox-tenant adding in the LMS configuration:
```

Author: The icon is not supported by .rst so I'm using 🚨 instead.

+------------------+-----------------+
| Quince           | >= v11.7.0      |
+------------------+-----------------+
| Redwood          | >= v11.7.0      |
+------------------+-----------------+

⚠️ Since the 6.2 version, eox-tenant does not support Django 2.2

The plugin is configured for the latest release (Redwood). The following changes in the plugin settings should be applied to be used for previous releases.

**Maple**

For version  11.X compatible

.. code-block:: yaml

  EOX_TENANT_EDX_AUTH_BACKEND = "eox_tenant.edxapp_wrapper.backends.edx_auth_i_v1"

Those settings can be changed in ``eox_tenant/settings/common.py`` or, for example, in the instance settings.

🚨 If the release you are looking for is not listed, please note:

- If the Open edX release is compatible with the current eox-tenant version (see `Compatibility Notes <https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-tenant?tab=readme-ov-file#compatibility-notes>`_), the default configuration is sufficient.
- If incompatible, you can refer to the README from the relevant version tag for configuration details (e.g., `v6.2.0 README <https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-tenant/blob/v6.2.0/README.rst>`_).

> 🚨 For version > 10.0.0 you need to enable eox-tenant adding in the LMS configuration:

Reviewer 4: Just one last comment. I'll be on the lookout to approve the PR
```suggestion
🚨 For version < 10.0.0 you need to enable eox-tenant adding in the LMS configuration:
```

Author: 😱 Good catch thank you @BryanttV !!

#. In the case you are not using the redirection middlewares, and only have eox-tenant installed, you can simply apply the database migrations for the eox-tenant plugin:

   .. code-block:: bash

     ./manage.py manage.py lms migrate eox_tenant --settings=<your app settings>

   The table corresponding to the Redirection model will not be deleted but it will be discarded from the Django state

Caveats
-------

- SSO that uses the LMS while authenticating does so with server-to-server communication. Therefore, when the `AvailableScreenMiddleware` gets the current domain, it finds that `lms:8000` as in `SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_URL_ROOT` which does not exist, then raises a 404 exception. To avoid this error, set in your LMS settings file:

.. code-block:: python

  SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_URL_ROOT = SOCIAL_AUTH_EDX_OAUTH2_PUBLIC_URL_ROOT

How to Contribute
=================

Contributions are welcome! See our `CONTRIBUTING`_ file for more
information – it also contains guidelines for how to maintain high code
quality, which will make your contribution more likely to be accepted.

.. _CONTRIBUTING: https://github.com/eduNEXT/eox-tenant/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.rst

License
=======

> This project is licensed under the AGPL-3.0 License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the AGPL-3.0 License. See the `LICENSE.txt <LICENSE.txt>`_ for details.
```
